Hello evening good morning this time borrowed the camera's path Nekko of this video
Better to
It was the water flow introduced before, it was used
Wheat harvesting method
I want to introduce it to you
First of all, we live in 8 blocks of water
you
I can do it here
continue
Well Well it is 86
Tony the pool
Make a part to collect water
So let's here dad water here
They are
Because water spreads
Next to my name
You can harvest this skill if it is a flowing part with water
Wow Once you
I think we have
Plowing was Koto'
I will go up
It 's around here
So great
Sarah is
Peas around you
What water gar
Masu cool so that it does not leak or rather not run away
Then
Also when I was around Matsuo
You can not flow without flowing
Leisure collection various aa ah
If you make bone powder
Meyer
Please take this moment for now
Yes like this
Ne done by
Water flows
Now trees etc
Also you With it
You can easily harvest wheat easily
Thank you very much